Doc and example code snippet for `mlflow.pyfunc.spark_udf` restoring model dependencies (#5677)
mlflow/mlflow: examples/inference_restoring_model_dependencies/README.md

> ### MLflow evaluation Examples

Reviewer: Can we make this examples directory / README more generic?

I think we should call it `examples/spark_udf` and tell users in the README that the purpose is to show examples of using Spark UDF for batch inference, including environment reproducibility capabilities with `env_manager="conda"`.

### MLflow evaluation Examples

> The examples in this directory illustrate how you can use the `mlflow.pyfunc.spark_udf` API with argument

Reviewer 2: Does this directory contain *multiple* examples?

`env_manager="conda"` to create a spark UDF for model inference with restoring the python environment used

> in model training.

Reviewer 2: @dbczumar @BenWilson2 How would you phrase `model inference with restoring the python environment`)?

- `model inference with dependency restoration`?
- `model inference with environment restoration`?

Reviewer 3: I'd say `to create a spark UDF for model inference that executes in an environment containing the exact dependency versions used during training`

- Example `sklearn_model_inference_restoring_dependencies.py` runs a sklearn model inference via spark UDF 

> with restoring the python environment used in model training.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
using a python environment containing the precise versions of dependencies used during model training.
```

#### Prerequisites

```
pip install scikit-learn
```

#### How to run the examples

> Run in this directory with Python.

Reviewer 2: Do we need this line?
